---
layout: post
title: iPhones in 2017
---

All of the rumours so far have suggested that we're going to see [three iPhones](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-08-30/how-apple-plans-to-change-the-way-you-use-the-next-iphone) announced at the event [next week](https://www.apple.com/apple-events/september-2017/): two that look somewhat similar to the 7 and 7 plus, as well as another futuristic model. I'll get a couple of predictions out here so I can say I told you so or face the shame of being wrong online. I'll be watching the event, and follow up with my score.

## 1. There will be no 7s
The current rumours are saying that all models will have glass backs, possibly with wireless charging. If the iPhone 7 got a new number, despite looking similar to the 6 in nearly every way, you can bet that models with new materials will get a new number too. My official name predictions: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 plus, iPhone Edition.

## 2. The Edition will be a 'taste from the future'
The third model (Edition), with the front of the device nearly totally covered in screen, will be presented as a way to get the future of the iPhone early. I'm also predicting that this is a one-off event, with the line-up dropping back to 2 models next year. They'll have very similar designs to this year's Edition, with a plus-sized model in a similar design available.

## 3. The Edition will be very expensive
If this model is sitting above the 8 and 8 plus in price (which it will), it's going to be a very expensive phone. I'm predicting a starting price of $999, though I would expect a large amount of storage included with this. Premium phone, premium price.
